Modify (fake) rule S6620: Document limitation with multiple compliant solutions in diff-view (#3112)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6620/java/rule.adoc

// And the code can contain diff information
----

Diff-views are documented https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/blob/master/docs/description.adoc#diff-view[here].

[source,txt,diff-id=2,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
When using diff-views, there should be one noncompliant example.
----

[source,txt,diff-id=2,diff-type=compliant]
----
When using diff-views, there should be at least one compliant solution.

> However, the diff-view feature is designed to have only one compliant solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the diff-view feature was first designed to have only one compliant solution.
```
